Cold Email Message
I saw your Linkedin post about the Product Manager, Monetization role on your team.

I've been at SoundCloud (50M+ MAUs) as a Growth PM for the past 2.6 years, where my core focus was on user retention and monetization. 

I was promoted twice during my tenure and my team's work grew to contribute over 12% of SoundCloud's annual revenue while making significant impacts on our core retention and monetization metrics. I've relentlessly worked on building hypothesis-driven teams that are effective at growing the funnel and collaborating cross-functionally with multiple stakeholders. 

I'm leaving SoundCloud soon and am looking for new opportunities for both personal and professional growth. Slack is a product that I love and use everyday, so I'd be very excited to work on it. If you think my background makes sense, could you give me a shot at interviewing for the role? 

I've attached my resume to this email. You can also find me on LinkedIn and Github.

I look forward to hearing back from you. Either way, keep building awesome things at Slack.

Warm regards,
[your_name]

Cold Twitter DM

Warm regards,
[your_name]


Cold Linkedin Message

Hi [name], 
I'm going to keep this short and to the point. I just applied to the X role in NYC. I read your AMA on growthhackers.com and was intrigued by the process, analytics, and tools you use to grow SoundCloud. 

As an artist and listener for over 5 years, I've always dreamed of working at SoundCloud. I'm confident I would learn so much in such a short period of time while being a value-add to the team.

I'd normally go through company referrals but I do not know anyone that works at Soundcloud. If you could please look over my resume and cover letter and refer me to the appropriate hiring team member I would greatly appreciate it.

Resume: http://bit.ly/2ih30Xf
Cover Letter: http://bit.ly/2hXvg3x

Even if I don't get the position, I'd love to meet with you to discuss some feature ideas I have for Soundcloud to grow its user base. 

Happy Holidays [name]!
